c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\HomeyDebugger.exe.config
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\HomeyDebugger.exe
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\HomeyDebugger.pdb
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.dll
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.dll
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.xml
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Platform.xml
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\en\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\ru\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\obj\Debug\HomeyDebugger.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\obj\Debug\Views\DebugView.g.cs
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\obj\Debug\HomeyDebugger_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\obj\Debug\HomeyDebugger_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\obj\Debug\Views\DebugView.baml
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\obj\Debug\HomeyDebugger.g.resources
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\obj\Debug\HomeyDebugger.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\obj\Debug\HomeyDebugger.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\obj\Debug\HomeyDebugger.exe
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\obj\Debug\HomeyDebugger.pdb
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\Caliburn.Micro.Autofac.dll
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\Swashbuckle.Core.dll
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.xml
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
c:\users\patri\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HomeyDebugger\HomeyDebugger\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
